# Toe to Top @ CHI2024

This repository hosts the code for the website of the [Toe to Top: From Foot Augmentation to Human Augmentation](https://sensint.github.io/ToeToTop_Workshop/) workshop at the [CHI 2024](https://chi2024.acm.org/) conference.

## Abstract

Over the past decade, wearable foot interfaces have evolved from activity tracking, to enhancing human capabilities. Given the foot and legs are part of our largest body limb that helps us with our locomotion, balance, and posture, foot augmentations offer the opportunity to augment our entire body. However, in general, foot augmentations are still not widely popular among the general crowd. Hence, identifying reasons for this is important in order to better design future foot augmentations. To achieve this, in this workshop, we will invite researchers and practitioners interested in designing human and foot augmentations. They will first discuss how early foot interfaces helped in augmenting humans and will discuss how lessons learned from foot augmentations may apply to the broader field of human augmentations and vice versa.  Next, based on their current work and trends in foot augmentation, we will formulate how foot augmentation can enable future human augmentation. Finally, we will conclude the workshop with a brainstorming session to generate ideas on future foot interfaces that augment human(s), and new opportunities for research and commercialization that may enable wider use of human/foot augmentation among users.
